`generate csv`: add empty `spec.{icon,keywords,maintainers}` for user discovery (#2521)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

- Added `pkg/status` with several new types and interfaces that can be used in `Status` structs to simplify handling of [status conditions](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#typical-status-properties). ([#1143](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/1143))
- Added support for relative Ansible roles and playbooks paths in the Ansible operator's file. ([#2273](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2273))
- Add Prometheus metrics support to Ansible-based operators. ([#2179](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2179))

> - Add `spec.Icon` and `spec.Mantainers` empty by default to CSV generated by the tool. ([#2521](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2521))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On `generate csv`, populate a CSV manifest’s `spec.icon`, `spec.keywords`, and `spec.mantainers` fields with empty values to better inform users how to add data. ([#2521](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2521))
```
